{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Home Work\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 Using the PSD provided and the instructions below create a working stand alone, working component.  Feel free to use jQuery, Tweenmax or vanilla Javascript and CSS. \
\
Looking for clean, simple, readable code \'96 that works! \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Build & Animation Instructions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 On device load, the green bar with messaging at the top of the device and the black background (with the PCH logo at the bottom left corner) should be all that\'92s visible. The pyramid element should fade in first, with the arrow then appearing and animating as shown in the mockups for this effort. For each of the animation sequences, we want to show the lower red text as the animation begins, and then once the top of the pyramid has been reached by the arrow, fade that text out and instead show the top green text. Once the flashing of the top of the pyramid starts (when the arrow reaches the top), the white text at the top of the pyramid should flash as well. The flashing top of the pyramid should loop permanently. Once the pyramid animation reaches this state, we want to fade in the 3 copy blocks on the right side of the device from top to bottom. Once all the copy is visible, please animate the blue continue button fading in and sliding in from left to right. The button should not have a resting animation loop, as we want users to be focused on the pyramid graphic itself.\
}